Svucrg: Reword PTE bits extension. (#863)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/cheri-pte-ext.adoc

_{cheri_priv_crg_load_tag_ext}_ implies _{cheri_priv_crg_ext}_.

[[pte_crw_cd_store_summary]]
.Summary of Store CRW and CD behavior in the PTEs (PTE.U=1)
[%autowidth,float="center",align="center",cols="<,<,<,<",options="header"]
|===
|PTE.CRW           | CD     | CRG | Store/AMO
| `0b000`          | -      | -   | {cheri_excep_name_pte_st} if stored tag is set
| `0b001`          | -      | -   | Reserved
| `0b010`          | -      | -   | Reserved
| `0b011`          | -      | -   | Reserved

> | `0b110`, `0b111` | 0      | X   | {cheri_excep_name_pte_st} if stored tag is set, or <<section_hardware_pte_updates, hardware CD update>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `0b11X` | 0      | X   | {cheri_excep_name_pte_st} if stored tag is set, or <<section_hardware_pte_updates, hardware CD update>>
```
